Update Test framework release note (#6651)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

#### Test Framework

> - Added validations for incorrect use of the `@test` annotation (i.e. disallow usage on resource functions and object methods)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added validations for the incorrect use of the `@test` annotation (i.e., disallowed the usage of resource functions and object methods).
```
